Today, we're going to keep it simple.
I'll bark out a basic command and you
watch.
Keen to know?
He'll set your tail wagging.
Does mine, hence why I'm backing him.
Right then, Wookie here.
Do take a seat, won't you?
Give us your full attention while we
listen to my pal Yadda.
oh thank you wookie for the lovely
introduction i appreciate that uh very
much an extra dog bone for you this
uh this evening uh it is a pleasure
to be with you i think this is
now part is this part five on uh
our series on shabua we're doing the
basics uh the first category of basics is
the moedim which are the restoring
witnesses to the eternal testimony and the
appointed meetings by god
We have already completed,
although I think we'll probably do a
second show on Pesach, on Passover.
We've done matzah,
which is unyeasted bread with a couple of
programs.
I think we devoted three to Bokurim.
And now we are on a roll here,
number five on Shabuwa.
I think we'll be in Shabuwa for a
while because there's so many related
topics to it.
i think of that would be appropriate to
cover on shabuwa but is actually essential
and that is because shabuwa was stolen
like everything else in christianity
everything in christianity is stolen from
one religion or another or from one person
or another one god or another it's a
it's a mix of an amalgamation of uh
truth and lies and pure babble bible style
and in this particular case uh
It's Yesubius after, you know,
the book of Acts takes Shabuwa and it
turns Shabuwa into Pentecost and then
changes Shabuwa from a harvest that is
going to be fulfilled this year and next
year.
into the birth of their church,
and they quoted the prophet Joel,
completely out of context,
to demonstrate this and claim that people
spoke,
that the purpose of the fulfillment of
Shavuot was for people to speak a whole
bunch of different languages,
none of which, by the way, were Hebrew.
The purpose of Shavua is as a harvest,
and it takes place seven years prior to
the return of Dode,
who is the actual Messiah, with Yahweh,
which is the actual name of God.
And so they were wrong by two thousand
years,
and then the prophet Yoel was speaking of
those last days,
so they picked a prophet who was
addressing events that would take place
two thousand years after the events they
were allegedly
So they got nothing right,
but in stealing Shabuwa,
making it Pentecost for them,
just as they stole Dode's Messiah title,
Son of God title, and Savior title,
they stole all those from Dode,
and the God-man who was killed and then
resurrected was stolen from Dionysus.
Even baptism was sold from the sibling
oracles of the Roman Senate.
So it's all stolen.
And to pursue this cavalcade of identity
theft,
Eusebius was the one who recognized that
there was no justification at all for this
concept of a Christ.
There's no prophecy in the Torah,
Prophets, and Psalms of a coming Christ.
There's no prophecy regarding a Jesus,
not a single mention of a Jesus or
of a Christ.
And so somehow when Eusebius was reading
the text that he had inherited,
he realized if I'm going to put together
a New Testament according to Paul,
I need something that says, well,
you know,
you're that Christ guy that was predicted.
and so he he did he wrote it
into the text it wasn't there you can
look at every first second third and early
fourth century manuscript uh codices of
the uh greek new testament and you won't
find any reference to either of the places
one in mark one and matthew where there's
were these lines this whole discussion any
part of this discussion
exists and so not only does it take
place by eusebius's writing uh in front of
the gates of hell in front of the
statuary to pan which is incredibly
indicting and if there really was a a
jesus fellow and he was god uh guess
where he's never going to be he is
never going to be talking to people
uh and his little team uh in front
of the gates of hell and yet that's
where he sets this uh so that part's
absurd of course the other part of it
that is absolutely absurd is there's no
prophecy that speaks of an arriving christ
so for somebody to say oh i know
who you are you're you're the christ
it would come out of thin air.
I mean,
because there is no prophecy that predicts
an arriving Christ.
So why would somebody come to this
conclusion?
Moreover,
this is three years allegedly into gospel
Jesus's so-called ministry.
And you want to tell me that in
the first three years,
he didn't mention who he was?
Never once?
What were they talking about?
I mean, fishing?
I caught a whopper one day.
How to row a boat.
What were they talking about?
If he never identified who he was and
he had to have them guess in the
third year and they do so and they
have this little guessing game outside of
the satyr's home, the gates to hell,
and it doesn't show up in any first,
second, third,
or early fourth century manuscript and it
Doesn't appear until after the wholesale
changes appeared under Constantine and
Eusebius.
And then we, you know,
I just went through on the previous
program and I told you about Eusebius's
fantasy about the statue of Jesus compared
to the statue of Pan and how the
God came and struck it with lightning and
it rusted.
I mean, it's just, it's pathetic.
To be a Christian,
you have to have your head in a
cesspool and think it tastes like caviar.
Small minds are easily impressed.
Oh, my God, it's so bad.
So anyway,
we're going to continue with this theme
here in Eusebius.
is the one who in front of the
gates of hell is the one who wrote
Peter's alleged profession.
By the way, there was no Peter.
The man's name was Shimon.
There were no disciples.
Dode was the actual Messiah and son of
God.
And he had brothers.
One of his brothers was named Shimon.
Another one was named Yochanan.
Another one was named Jacob.
And it was from his brothers that...
that Paul went to war.
And as Paul wrote the first fourteen books
of the Christian New Testament and created
the myth of Jesus,
it is Paul who went to war with
those brothers.
And they then got incorporated into the
story as alleged disciples,
of which there were none.
So anyway, this is what he wrote.
He said that you are the Christ.
You are the son of the living God.
By the way,
it's a God whose name never appears once
anywhere in the Christian New Testament.
And God's very clear in his test of
who speaks for him.
If you do not use his name,
do not know his name,
you do not speak for him,
which automatically annuls the Christian
New Testament as inspired by God.
And that's the only place where the
Christian counterfeit of Messiah,
this Christ nomenclature,
is acknowledged as if it were a important
title.
And the important title,
and it's not even in the top ten
of those most important titles,
is Masiach.
Masiach, as a title,
should have been transliterated into the
Greek and into English.
There should be absolutely no Christ.
So even if we're going to pretend that
there was a prophecy of a coming Messiah,
and there isn't,
then the very least they should have done
is maintained the Masiach,
because there is no reference to a Jesus
or a Christ anywhere in the Torah,
Prophets, and Psalms.
And Christ is from kriso,
which means to drug.
And
God's very clear on who is the Messiah,
and he says it's Dode.
And he says if you're going to say
anybody else other than Dode,
you're calling him a liar.
Read the Eighty-Ninth Mismore.
It's quite clear in this regard.
And the only thing that could even be
wildly interpreted as a prophecy of a
coming Messiah
Masiach would be when Dode,
who is Gabriel,
God's most courageous and competent man.
He's not an angel.
It's Dode.
He's even identified as a man.
Read the damn text.
It's very clear when when.
dode as gabrielle who is the emasiak spoke
of what he was going to do when
he gave the exact timing of when he
would fulfill matzah in thirty three c e
year four thousand yeah and so if that
statement is true and it is then it
is dode as gabrielle who fulfilled chag
matzah
In thirty three C.E.
And if he fulfilled Chag Matzah,
it can't be Jesus because there is no
mention of Jesus doing anything on Matzah.
According to Christians that on the
Sabbath, he was taking a nap.
He was in his tomb.
and therefore it can't apply to him.
So if that's gonna be the place you're
gonna take the prophecy,
you have to leave it there because the
prophecy is specifically on the
fulfillment of Chag Matzah.
It means cut off.
Cut off means cut off from the land
of the living.
It's when Dode's nephesh soul carried our
guilt into Sheol so that he was separate
from the land of the living, cut off.
from the dimensional world that we know uh
and the next day he fulfilled bakurum
firstborn children not the pagan holiday
of easter that was born and bred in
babylon so the whole thing is nonsensical
anyway uh it's a stealing of of dotes
titles uh and ben l or el ben
if you want to write it in the
hebrew order uh that's son of of god
title
His dotes,
the only person that God says he is
my son,
I am his father is to dote and
to no one else.
So without the imagined and unattested
scene playing out before the cave of Pan,
the satyr of the Greek religion,
there is no justification for Christ or
for Christian or for Christianity or for
church.
It all goes away and there is nothing
left but a pile of lies.
And even with it,
there's nothing but a pile of lies because
it itself is a lie.
So without this fabrication,
there is no Jesus.
There is no New Testament.
There is no chair of St.
Peter.
There are no popes.
There are no keys to heaven held by
a Roman institution either.
It all crumbles behind a facade.
crafted by Eusebius and he had the most
deceptive of pens and he is the one
who will be held accountable for having
done so and will be sent to Sheol
along with all of those who promoted his
lie.
as evidence of this not a word of
what eusebius composed on behalf of his
roman catholic overlords particularly
constantine whom he served as a
propagandist and matthew or mark eight is
found in any of the pre-constantine
codices containing portions of the
christian new testament by the way you
should also know
that Mark was written ten years after
Paul's death.
Paul had already written the first
fourteen books of the Christian New
Testament.
He was had both Luke and Mark as
his companions,
and he was the one who came up
with the idea of a gospel.
He is the one who came up with
the idea of a new and Old Testament.
He's the one who called the Torah
pornography,
and he is the one who came up
with the notion of a jesus christ of
which no one existed by that name or
that title in first century judea
absolutely no way no how under any
circumstance nor is there any
contemporaneous eyewitness account to say
anything other than he's a fable now
Mark was the first of those four written
after Paul had written his first fourteen
books.
So if the New Testament was actually
ordered in the order that it was written,
you would have the book of Galatians
first.
And it is an absolute mess.
It is constant contradictions.
It is inaccurate historically.
It is inaccurate culturally.
It is a it is filled with internal
contradictions.
And
it goes to war against uh the three
brothers of of dode uh it creates the
myth of a jesus it presents paul as
the grand poobah of the world he claims
a title apostle that does not exist and
anywhere in the torah prophets and psalms
the only person that is named shaul that
makes claims against dode
and against God and against the Torah that
is mentioned in the Torah prophets and
Psalms is a man named Shaul.
And it's written in Chabaok,
six hundred and sixty six years exactly to
the time that Paul wrote his first letter
to the Galatians.
And it calls Paul by name as the
plague of death.
And it talks about his timing and what
he would say and how egregious it was.
God despises him.
And Paul even admitted in his second
letter to the Corinthians that he was
demon possessed.
And so Mark was written per Paul's
instructions, uh,
ten years after Paul's death.
Luke was written shortly thereafter,
and most of Luke either copies Paul or
it's written in the style of the Iliad
and the Odyssey.
And then you have, uh,
Matthew,
which wasn't written until ninety five
C.E.,
three generations after the fact by
someone who was completely unknown.
And it is one hundred percent plagiarized.
Seventy to eighty percent of it comes from
Mark and Luke and the parts that don't
come from the Ebonites.
And so it is pure plagiarism on top
of plagiarism, on top of copy edits.
Anyway,
this statement regarding you are the
Christ isn't found in any of the sixty
nine pre Constantine codices.
The single most important line in the
entirety of the Christian New Testament
does not appear in any of them.
It is incredible when when Eusebius
finally writes it and it wouldn't have
been and it didn't exist in any previous
document.
So the earliest evidence of the gospel of
Matthew and Mark,
both are presented in Papyrus, forty five,
which was written around two fifty CE in
Alexandria, Egypt.
Two fifty CE is the earliest evidence of
either one of those two alleged gospels.
And it contains the text of Matthew
chapters, twenty and twenty-one,
twenty-five and twenty-six,
along with portions of Mark chapters four
through nine, and eleven through twelve.
Luke chapters six and seven,
and nine through fourteen.
John chapters four and five,
and ten and eleven.
This is now two-fifty CE.
There's Acts chapters four through
seventeen.
and thus not a word from the sixteenth
chapter of Matthew,
thereby excluding the religion's most
essential citation.
As for Mark eight,
Papyrus forty-five includes eight one,
eight fourteen through twenty-five,
and what is now eight thirty-four through
forty.
But guess what?
There is nothing in the narrative that
conveniently starts with the twenty-sixth
verse.
Doesn't exist.
What are the odds of that?
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance,
just baffle them with bullshit.
And that's what the religious do.
So this was added...
in the mid-fourth century by eusebius
jesus and his followers by the way the
first time there was a jesus ever spoken
the name the first time the name jesus
was ever spoken by anyone was in the
third edition of the king i am's bible
jesus and his followers
went from there.
By the way, if he was so important,
he had so many followers,
why isn't there a single contemporaneous
eyewitness account?
Why isn't there something chiseled in
stone?
Why isn't there a note from anyone?
Why is there absolutely nothing from his
time?
Not a single reference from the first
century CE.
None.
Why?
Oh, somebody said, oh, but Eusebius,
he mentions him.
Eusebius wasn't even born in thirty three
C.E.
when it was all over.
He wasn't even born.
So come on.
No, there's nothing.
This whole thing is a con job.
Jesus and his followers went from there to
the towns of Caesarea Philippi.
Lie.
Absolute.
There was no town ever of Caesarea
Philippi.
Didn't exist.
He made up the town because he didn't
want to say the name of the place
that he is actually talking about that he
will admit later is Panea,
the very place where Pan,
the Greek god of the underworld,
the satyr, the image of the devil,
hung out.
I mean,
this is just like Eusebius writing into
the text in the mid-fourth century that
there was a Jesus of Nazareth.
Because Constantine's mommy claimed that
he came from Nazareth.
She must have liked the place.
But she was there in the fourth century.
In the first century,
there was no such town.
It didn't exist.
As they went, he asked his followers.
This is now three years.
Where this is placed is three years into
the story.
And he's within days of allegedly being
crucified.
That's the whole thing.
They're on their own the way into
Jerusalem for him to be crucified.
And that's when he asked this question.
You want to believe that, that these guys,
according to the gospels,
they were with him for three years and
for three years,
they never had this conversation.
Can you be that stupid?
Who do people say I am?
They answered.
Some say you're John the Baptist.
Nope.
John the Baptist never exists.
There were no Baptist and first century,
uh,
Jerusalem or in the province of Yehudah,
known today as Judah.
No Baptists.
Zero.
The story of baptism is first told in
the sibling oracles that were the
religious texts of the senators in Rome.
There's no reference to a baptism anywhere
in the Torah, Prophets and Psalms.
It is a lie,
so now we have our third lie.
Jesus, followers, well, fourth, Jesus,
followers,
and the place that the question was asked,
it didn't exist.
And now we have some saying you're John
the Baptist.
There was no John the Baptist.
And some say Elijah.
Now why would they say he's Elijah?
First of all, the name is Elia.
If they said that his name was Elia,
then wouldn't they know that God's name
was Yahweh?
Elia means Yahweh is God.
So if they are saying that its name
is Elia,
then they would know that God's name is
Yahweh.
And yet there's not a single mention
anywhere of Yahweh.
And, you know,
Elia is an interesting character.
He's a recluse.
His primary purpose,
the thing that made Elijah famous is he
was in complete opposition to religion and
politics.
He slaughtered the religious and political
authorities in Israel, slaughtered them,
bested them in debate,
and then annihilated them.
And so how could he be Elijah
if in fact he is starting a new
religion?
And how could he be Elia if Paul
had written some, well,
this would have been, this was written,
well,
fourth century,
but Paul and his letter to the Romans
contradicted God and said, oh,
the Roman religion,
the Roman government's wonderful,
was put in place by God.
Yeah, so according to Paul,
the Roman government was established by
God to evidently to destroy Jerusalem,
to destroy and kill his people.
And by the way, it was wholly pagan.
But that's what Paul wrote and people
Don't seem to give a crap because I
guess they'll believe anything.
Anyway, his name could not,
Elijah is just a stupid, I mean,
really stupid claim because it tells you
what God's name is and who's God.
Others say one of the early preachers.
There were no early preachers.
God does not have a preacher.
Preachers is a Christian concept.
There are no early preachers.
There were prophets.
Oh, then he says, so after stupid, stupid,
and stupid, dumb and dumber and dumbest,
we have, but what about you?
He said.
He's been with this dude now, allegedly,
for three years, three and a half years.
He says,
so who do you say I am?
You mean to tell me you never...
Answered that question not once.
So when he said, hey,
why don't you follow me?
I said,
I'm just a Joe Schmo out here.
I just like, you know,
I just want a following.
I have no real purpose.
I'm a nobody.
Just follow me because, well, for giggles.
Oh, but Peter, and by the way,
he couldn't have been Peter then.
He would have been Shimon because he
wasn't named Rock until after this
statement.
So this is just literary stupidity to say
Peter answered.
You couldn't have had a Peter prior to
this because his name was Shimon.
Oops.
He says, you are the Christ.
Well, why would he say such a thing?
First of all,
evidently the gospel Jesus never said such
a thing.
Never.
And there is no prophecy of a Christ.
So for someone to say you are the
Christ, that'd be like saying, oh,
who do you say I am?
Oh, well, you're the Donkelduder.
Yep, you're the Donkelduder.
I know that for sure.
Yeah, I know you're the Donkelduder.
What in the hell is a Donkelduder?
Well, I don't really know,
but that's what I think.
I think you're the Donkelduder.
That's as stupid as saying you were the
Christ.
The only reason that it doesn't read for
somebody today as stupid is because the
stupid religion has been established
amongst two and a half billion people who
aren't smart enough to realize this is
nonsense.
But Jesus,
nobody named Jesus existed until sixteen
twenty nine.
Warrant strictly charging them.
that they should tell no one of him.
Mark eight, twenty seven through thirty.
So you have this imaginary conversation
that is totally nonsensical.
It is it is contrived.
It has a zero percent chance of being
real.
It is it falls all over itself and
every which way.
And then when he finally says, oh,
a person whose name didn't exist as Peter
at the time, said you are the Christ,
and the first thing you get out of
alleged Jesus' mouth is a strict warning,
strictly charging them that they should
tell no one of him.
Well,
how in the hell did you get the
Christian religion?
Huh?
Why of this point would you have had
fourteen books prior to this being
published that create a Christ fellow?
Hmm?
Why do you have a Christian religion?
Why do you have Christians?
Why do you have Christmas?
Why do you have any of this stuff?
If your alleged God man,
in the first time he hears this, oh,
wow, what an amazing thing,
warns and says,
don't you dare tell anyone about this.
And yet you want to say that, okay,
but it's okay to publish the book on
it, right?
Doesn't anybody think?
Yeah,
not only is this line devastating to the
Christian myth,
It, of course,
appears nowhere prior to Eusebius and the
mid-fourth century codices,
Vanacatis and Sinaticus, which are,
by the way,
an utter and complete literary disaster.
Moreover,
Eusebius made a careless mistake,
adding additional commentary to the text
of Matthew when it was concocted two to
three decades after Mark's hearsay
account, also by an imposter.
Written,
unwritten information is always lost over
time, it's never gained.
And so,
since we know when the imposter wrote
Matthew because it's plagiarized from
three different sources and we know the
history of the text.
And we know when Mark was written and
that he was hanging around Paul and was
serving Paul's interest because Paul
actually says that's the case.
You could not have had an account that
is seventy to eighty percent plagiarized
from Mark and Luke written
a minimum of twenty years after Mark,
add information becoming more detailed
than a possibility.
Fails the logic test.
If he had done it the other way
around,
you'd have a chance to pull it off.
Did he know when they were written?
Probably not.
So he took a guess.
And he guessed wrong.
And he put the book of Matthew before
the book of Mark to create the false
impression that, well,
the more detailed one came first.
But that's not what actually happened.
That's like the false impression of
Christians thinking the first book of
their New Testament is Matthew,
followed by Mark, Luke, John,
and the book of Acts,
when actually the first book of their New
Testament is Galatians,
followed by the other thirteen books that
Paul wrote,
followed then by Mark and Luke,
And not until ninety five C.E.
Matthew and John,
who we have no idea who wrote them.
There's absolutely no evidence whatsoever
as to who wrote them.
So nevertheless,
the narrative of Eusebius,
that's quite a nevertheless, nevertheless,
composed to justify Christianity in the
Gospel of Matthew,
picked up where he had left off at
the gates of hell.
And then, well,
he decided to become a novelist.
You could tell from his whole depictions
of other things that he wrote,
he was really dying to be a novelist.
He just wished he could written the whole
thing from scratch.
That would have been quite a story.
It would have challenged
The Odyssey.
It says Jesus, no one named Jesus,
existed in first century Judea,
which was the province of Iuda and under
Roman control,
came into the country of Caesarea
Philippi.
So the imagined name appears exactly the
same way in both texts.
and it's false, it never existed.
So how is it possible that the same
counterfeit name appears in both texts
written exactly the same way when it never
existed,
unless it was written by the same forger?
I don't think there is a rational answer
to that.
He asked his followers,
Who do people say that I,
the son of man am?
Added information.
You know the son of man and where
that comes from?
Ezekiel.
Do you know that Ezekiel is Satan's
autobiography?
Ezekiel fails Yahweh's test of a prophet
as it's presented in Dabarim,
two different places,
but most detailed in the eighteenth
chapter in every possible way.
So if that is his title,
he ain't who he says he is.
He's representing Satan.
They said, as opposed to he said,
it's they said.
Some say you are John the Baptist,
who never existed.
And some say...
Elijah.
It's Elia,
which same argument applies in both.
And others say, well,
we now have a Jeremiah.
Well,
who in their right mind is going to
pick Jeremiah?
I mean, there is nothing in common.
And if you go to Jeremiah,
then you're really screwed.
Because Jeremiah is the only person who
mentions anything that could be perceived
as a renewed covenant.
The thirty-first chapter.
But he states that the renewed covenant is
with Yisrael and with Yehudah,
not with Goyim, Romans, Greeks,
and a church.
And so now you are really screwed, blued,
and tattooed if it's Jeremiah.
And Jeremiah goes on to say that when
the covenant is finally renewed in the
last days, which they were nowhere near,
with Yisrael and Yehudah.
Yehudah,
a God's name who they do not know,
is going to write his Torah inside of
everyone.
Torah.
If he's gonna write his Torah inside of
everyone,
then this Christian religion that seeks to
annul the Torah is false from the
beginning, isn't it?
So the moment you say Jeremiah,
you're screwed, it's over.
John the Baptist, no such person.
Baptist, no such profession.
Elijah,
then it tells you what God's name really
is.
Jeremiah also tells you what God's name
really is.
It ends with Yah.
But he is the one who tells you
that there can be no New Testament that
is contrary to the Torah.
Or again,
he throws in one of the early preachers.
Why?
Because by this time,
there were lots of Christian preachers.
There just weren't any Jewish preachers.
So now he said to them,
but who do you say I am?
This time he puts in Simon's name.
That is his given name, Shimon.
And it adds Shimon Peter.
But he couldn't have been Shimon Peter at
that point because he could just have been
Shimon because you are the rock,
which is the basis of Peter,
came after this.
So this is just adding things to a
story without any chronology.
It's kind of like the Quran.
Shimon Peter said, you are the Christ.
Again,
no such person has ever been predicted.
So, you know,
you are the wallpaper hanger.
I mean, there is...
No justification for that at all.
It would have been, again, saying,
you know, you're the faucet.
You are the son of the living God.
No, no way, pal.
Guess why?
Because the son of the living God,
according to the living God, is doed.
And if you don't know that,
then shame on you.
God says it three times.
He is my son.
I am his father.
And every time it's Dode's name that is
mentioned as he is my son.
Hmm.
Doesn't work, does it?
So Jesus,
a name that does not exist and did
not exist until the seventeenth century,
said to him, Shimon, son of Jonah,
By the way,
he was not a son of Jonah.
There was a Shimon.
He was the son of Ruth and her
husband Boaz.
You are happy.
Oh, happy, happy.
Oh, that's what I would have said.
Yeah.
You are faucet.
So you are so happy, happy,
happy because you did not learn this from
man.
Well,
He'd been sitting there with a man that
Paul's claimed as God.
Christianity says that this Jesus fellow
is God,
as if God is small enough to be
a man.
But they don't bother with the fact that
God can't be a man and that men
cannot kill God.
But so much for the details.
Let's not sweat the details.
Happy, happy,
because you did not learn this from man.
He's been three years with alleged Jesus
fellow and not a single conversation about
this.
His identity was unknown to them.
And you want to base a religion on
a person who is known by this identity
when he spent three years with some
schmoes out there walking around the
wilderness and he never once told him who
he was.
My father in heaven,
he doesn't know his name either,
has shown you this.
Well, if you knew that, pal,
then why'd you ask the question?
If you knew that was the answer,
why did you ask the question?
If you're supposed to be the same as
the father in heaven or a real God,
wouldn't you have known the answer?
well let's not sweat the details and i
tell you that you are peter this is
the first time that it was actually kefesh
is what he would have said it's hebrew
for um stone you are stone dumb as
stone you are stone and on this stone
uh same word by the way i will
build my church
Yep.
So he gives legitimacy to the title Christ
and Christian and gives the legitimacy to
church,
except for the fact it wasn't spoken by
pretend Jesus.
It was written in the fourth century and
there is no Greek word.
for church, not a single word.
And anywhere in the Greek texts of the
Christian New Testament will you find
anything that can be translated church or
transliterated church.
It's from ecclesia,
and ecc means out-called, out-called.
It's not going into an institution,
not going into a building,
it's out-called.
Ecclesia is not church, not the sound.
The only thing it sounded like church was
church,
which was the pagan's daughter of Helios
of the Germanic religion.
She's a pagan goddess.
The powers of hell will not be able
to have power over my church.
Hell doesn't have any powers.
None.
By the way, it's not hell.
It's Sheol.
And Sheol has no powers.
It's an inanimate object.
And there is no church.
And I will give you the keys of
the holy nation of heaven.
Well, holy in Hebrew is diseased.
God does not have a nation of heaven.
He has a nation of people and they
happen to be Jews.
And there are no keys.
So giving the keys to heaven?
No.
No mention of any place where there's keys
of heaven,
not in the Torah prophets and Psalms.
So why would he say such a thing?
If he was a predicted individual,
if he was supposed to be God,
he would have known there's no reference
to keys.
He would have known that holy in Hebrew
is diseased.
He would have known that the only nation
that mattered was Israel and that there
was no nation of heaven.
Whatever you do,
whatever you do not allow on earth will
not have been allowed in heaven.
So he is telling a man, a man,
by the way,
that he will refer to as Satan in
the next breath,
that this man has control over heaven.
You believe that,
then you can probably believe anything in
Christianity.
Whatever you do not allow on earth will
not have been allowed in heaven.
And it's not a very well-written sentence,
but it basically says,
whatever you're against here on earth,
heaven will be against.
As if God's got no say in this
matter.
Obviously, you're smarter than God.
This man that he will call Satan in
the next breath, he just says,
you have total control over heaven.
Not me, not me, no, no, you.
Mm-hmm.
He's the same guy that, you know,
wigged out when there was the crucifixion,
not knowing that if he is the person
that was prophesied,
he came to be crucified on Pesach.
He wrote that he would be crucified on
Pesach a thousand years before he endured
it in the twenty-second Psalm.
And so rather than wigging out over it,
You would have said, there you go.
You saw through.
You finished the job.
You did exactly as you promised.
But nope.
He has some control over heaven.
Whatever you allow on earth will have been
allowed in heaven.
Yep.
Given this man who was a pathetic guesser,
Came up with, you know,
a bogus title that whatever you want,
whatever you do, you are in charge now.
You're more important than God.
You get to choose exactly what happens in
heaven and what doesn't happen in heaven.
Imagine.
And people believe this rubbish.
You know why he's saying that?
Because his church,
the Roman Catholic Church,
wants to have total control over God.
The Roman Catholic Church wants to hold
the keys to heaven.
They want heaven to be a holy nation
of Roman Catholicism.
They want
what they decide to be allowed on earth
to be allowed in heaven and what they
decide against on earth,
not to be allowed in heaven.
And so it was written entirely to empower
the Roman Catholic church.
And it's obvious.
Then with strong words,
he told his followers to tell no one
that he was the Christ.
You can't make up stupid at this level.
The whole purpose of this was allegedly to
announce you're the Christ,
and you have the guy that they're giving
this title to saying,
don't you tell anybody that I'm the
Christ.
Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, Matthew,
Matthew, Matthew,
I mean, this is so blatantly fraudulent.
It's just flabbergasting to me that
Christians are so easily duped.
And of course,
the tripe which follows is even more
harmful to the Christian myth,
especially with Paul admitting to having
been demon possessed three decades before
Matthew was plagiarized.
and three centuries before it was
editorialized.
From that time on,
Jesus began to tell his followers that he
had to go to Jerusalem and suffer many
things.
I'm here to tell you the only reason
that Dode,
who is the actual Messiah and son of
God, was going to Jerusalem,
the only reason that he was conceived in
this particular life was to fulfill
passover matzah and bakutim and passover
had to be fulfilled exactly when it was
on passover in thirty three ce because it
represented your four thousand yeah and it
had to be on more yeah
because that's where the dress rehearsal
had occurred, two thousand years earlier.
And of course,
he had been released from Edom,
entering this house of,
we call this planet,
four thousand years prior to this.
That's why the Passover lamb comes into
the home four days before Pesach.
So he says, I got to go there.
Now, Dode would have said that.
Yeah, I've got to go there.
And they would have known it because that
was the entire purpose that he was born
into this particular life.
Hard things would come from the leaders
and from the head of the religious leaders
of the Jews.
So he's now blaming his crucifixion on the
Jews.
As opposed to if he is there to
fulfill prophecy,
then he is there to suffer crucifixion as
the Passover lamb.
You don't blame it on the Jews.
You say he's there for this purpose.
He has chosen this purpose.
To then blame it on the religious leaders
of the Jews is nonsense.
They didn't even know that Dode had come,
even though the prophets were clear that
he would come at exactly this time.
They did not recognize Dode,
which is to their shame.
That's why the legends of Jesus grew.
but to blame, which they're saying,
I'm gonna suffer many things from the
religious leaders of the Jews and the
teachers of the law.
Yeah, dastardly teachers of the Torah,
man.
They're the ones that are gonna do
terrible things to me.
This is why Christianity is so vile.
Not only did they turn man into a
God, well, in their case,
a myth into a God,
To create the myth,
they had to steal the identity and the
achievements of the actual Messiah and Son
of God, our Savior,
who actually was crucified to fulfill
Passover in thirty-three CE,
and that's kingdom.
So they robbed him to create the myth,
and then when the myth dies unrelated to
Passover,
they blame the Jews and the Torah.
When he walked out of the pages of
the Torah to save the Jews.
This is how twisted Roman Catholicism is
and Christianity is.
He told them that he would be killed
and that three days later he would be
raised from the dead.
Half truth, maybe less.
Dode knew that his body, his Bashar,
which was disposable,
would die as the Passover lamb on
Passover.
So now this is now three days before
he is going to fulfill Passover.
They're having this conversation about who
he is.
They didn't even know who he was prior
to that.
And there's no credible explanation for
that,
other than it was just contrived and made
up.
Dode was born for this purpose.
His mother and father, Ruth and Boaz,
knew exactly why he was here,
why they were there to support him.
His whole life and this particular life
was for that particular purpose.
And he knew the exact date that he
would suffer Passover.
He knew the date that he would fulfill
Matzah, which was the bigger date,
where he would take our guilt into Sheol
on the Shabbat.
And then he knew that as the Bekor,
the firstborn son of God,
that he would celebrate Bekorim,
firstborn children,
on the first day of the week.
He knew exactly the order of events.
His body would not be raised from the
dead.
He knew that this explanation in the Torah
of Pesach required the body of the
Passover lamb to be destroyed that night,
incinerated.
And it was.
Resurrection from the dead of a physical
body was what the Egyptians practiced.
part of Judaism,
it was part of the Babylonian religions.
Why all these numbskulls that were kings,
including even Genghis Khan,
was buried with great treasures,
with all sorts of servants buried with
them, killed and buried with them.
And you go back all the way to
Ur and Sumer,
and you find that when a king died,
he killed all the concubines and all of
the assistants, all the staff,
even soldiers, and buried them all.
with the king because he was going to
be bodily resurrected.
That's why the pharaohs were mummified and
given all the food and all the stuff
they were going to need in the afterlife
because they were going to be bodily
resurrected.
People are fixated on bodies.
No, purely pagan, not going to happen,
did not happen,
would be counterproductive even if it did
happen, and it couldn't have happened.
It's nonsense.
So now he's Peter, just purely Peter.
Took Jesus away from the others.
And he spoke sharp words to him.
Do that.
No clue as to why he was here.
And he said, never Lord,
this must never happen to you.
The entire reason he was here was for
that purpose.
But no, Lord.
So this father in heaven that allegedly
told him he was the Christ wasn't smart
enough to tell him, well,
you're here to fulfill Passover.
He's destroying his credibility in the
next sentence.
And yet Christians are not smart enough to
figure that out.
Shame on you.
I mean, is stupid required to believe?
And Jesus then turned to Peter and said,
get behind me, Satan.
The guy that just made your big
pronouncement.
I mean, this is your big deal, man.
You're coming out party.
You'll be to Christ, man.
I don't know what that means,
but you'll be to Christ.
Yeah.
And the next line, he says,
get behind me, Satan.
Turn to him and said, get behind me,
Satan.
On a one to ten scale of stupid,
this is a ten.
A one to a thousand scale of stupid,
this is a thousand.
And yet this is the entire diatribe
narrative that is required to establish
the Christian religion.
It doesn't exist without this stupid
insertion.
Then Jesus turned to Peter and he said,
get behind me, Satan.
You are standing in my way.
You are not thinking how God thinks.
You just said you were,
but now you're not.
You are thinking how man thinks.
He just said,
but man didn't tell you anything.
Matthew, anyway, sixteen,
twenty-one through twenty-three.
It was religion by clowns.
This is like the Trump administration.
And the ringleader of this circus,
its promoter and propagandist,
even its author, was Eusebius,
the man who performed the same roles as
for Emperor Constantine,
who was a scumbag.
He was a murderous, conniving general,
an egomaniacal jerk.
Now, as I have mentioned,
the earliest witness to the sixteenth
chapter of Matthew,
as well as of Mark eight,
twenty-seven and thirty,
are found in the highly disreputable.
Codas Vaticanus and the Codas Sinaiticus,
both were composed by Eusebius,
both on orders from Emperor Constantine,
both between three and three sixty CE.
In particular,
all other presentations of Matthew sixteen
were copied from these with Codas' Bezi,
Washingtonius,
Ephraimai Receptus,
scribed in the fifth century,
followed by the codices Perpetus and
Petrolamus and Sinoponus,
two hundred years thereafter.
There is no contemporaneous witness to any
of this.
We're dealing with
three to five centuries of intermission.
Hard to explain if your guy is supposed
to be God, isn't it?
Now, beyond this,
the very creation of Matthew is a fraud,
falsely claiming to be a disciple,
of which there were none.
The anti-Semitic author of the gospel was,
and gospel is Paul's term,
it's from euangelion,
Paul conceived the concept.
Paul said he had an euangelion,
and if even there was a euangelion from
heaven that differed from his,
his mattered, heaven's didn't.
He was three generations removed.
from the time that Dode actually fulfilled
the McRae in the spring of thirty-three
CE,
including the eighty percent plagiarized
from Mark and Luke and a hundred percent
pilfered from the Ebonim.
It is filled with errors of fact,
historical anomalies,
incredulous accounts like this,
and contradictions,
many attributable to the Bishop of
Caesarea, Eusebius.
With the cave of Pan serving as a
backdrop to this demonic tale,
Eusebius crafted the words which
established the Roman Catholic Church,
granting its supremacy over Yahweh,
over heaven, giving it the keys,
giving it control of what would happen in
heaven and what couldn't happen in heaven,
even the birth of a church.
And it only gets worse before the cross
entered the picture.
The Christian counterfeit supposedly asked
his followers to join him on the torture
stake.
What a horrible, demented,
and grotesque request.
It reads,
Then Jesus said to his disciples,
If anyone desires to come after me,
let him deny himself and take up his
cross and follow me.
Oh, crucifixion for everybody,
got a great deal.
You know,
we have a special this afternoon only.
Crucifixions for everybody.
Pick up your cross, you follow me.
Whoever desires to save his life will lose
it.
Oh, well, you want salvation, out of luck.
You got no one, no one,
anybody seeking salvation,
no salvation for you.
But whoever loses his life, oh, yeah,
well, you die for me.
You go pick up your cross.
You get crucified for my sake.
I don't know.
How would somebody else getting crucified
be of any value to the person being
crucified?
I mean, if you were subsidized, okay,
Romans, Romans, Romans, Romans,
I got to deal for you.
We're going to do a two-for-one today.
There are going to be two of us.
We'll substitute and be crucified for this
fellow over here.
He can get down off the cross.
He can nail us up to the cross.
Two-for-one deal, special, just for today.
That way you'll find it if you lose
your life for him.
So here is the Christian savior who
allegedly died for the Christian saying,
the only way that you can survive and
be saved is if you die for me.
That's what he just wrote.
Anybody see a problem with that?
For what profit is man if he gains
the whole world and he loses his soul?
What will a man give in exchange for
his soul?
For the son of man.
We already forgot that son of God thing,
didn't we?
Yep, we already forgot that Christ thing,
He will come in the glory of his
father.
Well,
if he's going to come in the glory
of his father, first of all,
he is not the son of man.
And second of all, he is doted.
Because the only one who can claim they
can come in the glory of his father
is Dode.
And you ain't Dode, pal.
With his angels.
There are no angels.
You know, the Christian church got angels.
It's just really stupid.
The Torah says Malak.
Malak means messenger.
And so in Greek,
they wrote the Greek word for messenger,
agelos.
And rather than translating it as
messenger,
which would have been the proper
translation of Malak,
They transliterated the Greek word agelos
as angels,
and they created a class of being that
Christians and Muslims and everyone else
seems to think actually exist just because
of a stupid clerical mistake.
Not knowing when you're supposed to
translate or transliterate a word.
Titles, you transliterate.
If you're going to transliterate it,
you got to translate it from the original
text, which would be Malak.
Words you translate, messenger.
No justification for angel.
His angels and then he will reward each
according to his works.
Well, oops, oops, oops, oops, oops.
We've got a problem again.
Because according to Paul,
there are no works.
According to Paul, it's all by faith.
All you've got to do to get salvation,
according to Paul, is to believe me.
But I, Paul, say,
and that's the whole deal.
There's nothing more to it than, but I,
Paul, say, and here you are, God.
Pretend Jesus saying you're going to be
rewarded based upon your works.
Hmm.
Might be a problem.
Contradiction.
Verily I say unto you,
there are some standing here who will not
taste death until they see the Son of
Man coming in his kingdom.
You know, these boys needed a copy editor.
You know, I got a fact checker, Mike,
as you got to meet in the last
family hour.
He would have said, excuse me,
but can't say that.
Not true.
Because guess what?
The son of man.
Let's just pretend that he is the real
Messiah.
Just pretending here.
Although he doesn't use the title now.
He's been called out.
He says, you're the Christ guy.
You're the son of the living God.
And he went right back to son of
man.
By the way,
he couldn't have been the son of man,
could he?
Because he claims that he was,
the Christian New Testament claims that he
was born of a virgin,
which means there was no man there.
So he could not have been a son
of man, could he?
Not according to the Christian mythology,
he could not have been a son of
man.
Impossible.
So the moment that he uses the term
son of man,
you've destroyed the whole concept of Mary
and the virgin birth.
Ever think that through?
No, they don't think it through.
And until they see the son of man
coming in his kingdom.
Oopsie.
Problem.
God's not returning.
as the Messiah and son of God until
twenty thirty three year six thousand
years.
He missed it by just a smidge.
Two thousand years.
You think any one of those people still
living?
You said that you won't taste death until
this happens.
And this isn't happening for another seven
years.
And we're just shy of two thousand years
removed from that date.
It's a false prophecy.
It's a false statement.
It didn't happen.
It's just like when Paul wrote that his
rapture was going to occur during his
lifetime.
And he had the wrong date.
He had it on Teruah, trumpets,
when it's Shabuwa.
And it didn't happen during his lifetime,
did it?
It's going to happen two thousand years
later and on Shabuwa, not Teruah.
This is the same thing.
You're not gonna taste death until you see
the son of man coming in his kingdom.
The kingdom of Dode,
when the earth is restored to the
conditions of Eden,
takes place in twenty thirty three on Yom
Kippur.
He missed it by a tremendous amount.
I had to get my dog's attention because
she's chomping away at her paws again.
And I can typically handle that for about
five minutes,
but as it goes on for ten,
it kind of gets on everybody's nerves.
Okay.
I don't know where the glasses fell,
probably within two feet of her,
but it was enough just to startle her
to get her attention away from biting her
feet because she knows she's not supposed
to do that.
Yeah,
because she'll do it to the point where
she can't walk and then she'll just cry.
Woe is me, pick me up, carry me.
It was all very statistic, wasn't it?
Particularly this request.
It was a preposterous lie,
was ghoulish from beginning to end,
including the misidentification and the
false prophecy.
And yet Eusebius, paper-thin deception,
a lie so full of holes there
were more yeast than grain in his loaf.
And it served to legitimize the Roman
Catholic Church,
discrediting Yahweh while replacing Dode,
giving the church control of heaven.
Literally the keys to heaven and what goes
on there.
Who gets in, who doesn't.
And it all played out before Constantine,
the pan of the Roman impasse.
Get behind me, Satan.
Indeed.
we've now gone a little over an hour
this is a good place for us to
uh stop i will continue our presentation
of all things we can know about shabua
and
will continue to clear away the rubbish of
Christianity because until you do,
you can't see what the truth is.
You will not have an appreciation for why
Shabuwa is not Pentecost.
You will have no appreciation for why
Jesus never existed and why Dode is the
actual Messiah and Son of God who
fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and B'kodim.
And until you know that,
you can't capitalize on Shabuwa because it
is a B'kodim harvest.
So all of this is germane to your
understanding.
It is basic to our very appreciation of
who God is and what he is offering
and how he is making these things
available to us.
So I thank you for listening.
I hope you had some fun as we
went and ridiculed the lives of the
Christian New Testament.
Talk to you tomorrow.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.